[IMP] l10n: Codabox for Belgium (#6425)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/fiscal_localizations/belgium.rst

       #. A new and different :guilabel:`Access Token` will be generated, and the :guilabel:`Status`
          should be set to :guilabel:`Connected`.

       .. note::
          By having a different :guilabel:`Access Token` for each client, you can easily revoke the
          access of a client to your CodaBox account without affecting the other clients. One client
          cannot interfere with another.

Synchronization
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once the connection is established, Odoo can be synchronized with CodaBox.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: For CODA files

      CODA files are automatically imported from CodaBox every 12 hours. You do not have to do
      anything. However, if you wish, it can also be done manually, by clicking on the
      :guilabel:`Fetch CODA's` button in the Accounting Dashboard.

      .. image:: belgium/codabox_dashboard_coda.png
         :alt: Manually fetch CODA's.

   .. tab:: For SODA files

      SODA files are automatically imported from CodaBox once a day as draft. You do not have to do
      anything. However, if you wish, it can also be done manually, by clicking on the
      :guilabel:`Fetch SODA's` button in the Accounting Dashboard.

>       By default, if an account in the SODA is not mapped to an account in Odoo, the Suspense
>       Account (499000) will be used and a note will be left in the created journal entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      By default, if an account in the SODA is not mapped to an account in Odoo, the Suspense
      Account (499000) is used and a note is left in the created journal entry.
```

It seems that the fiduciary VAT number you provided does not exist in CodaBox. Please check your configuration.
  The Accounting Firm VAT number you provided is not registered in CodaBox.

Error while connecting to the IAP server. Please contact Odoo support.
  It seems that Odoo's IAP server is down or unreachable. Please contact Odoo support.

It seems that your CodaBox connection is not valid anymore. Please check your configuration.
  It seems that you have either revoked the Odoo's access to your CodaBox account or that you have
  not completed the configuration process. In this case, you must click on the :guilabel:`Revoke
  connection` button in the settings and follow again the steps in the :ref:`first connection
  <belgium/codabox-connection-configuration>` section.

A previous CodaBox registration already exists. Paste the access token from a previous connection here. Odoo will generate a new one, exclusive to this database.
  It seems that you already have your Accounting Firm with Odoo, but that the Access Token is either
  not filled or wrong. You should follow the steps in the :ref:`following connection
  <belgium/codabox-connection-configuration>` tab section.

>   In case you have lost your Access Token, you will have to go on the CodaBox platform, and revoke

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you have lost your Access Token, you have to go on the CodaBox platform, and revoke
```

  the Odoo's access to your CodaBox account. Then, follow the steps in the :ref:`first connection
  <belgium/codabox-connection-configuration>` section.

The provided access token is not valid for this fiduciary. Please check your configuration. If you have lost your access token, please contact Odoo support.
  Same as above.

It seems that no connection linked to your database/VAT number exists. Please check your configuration.
  You may obtain this error when revoking or trying to fetch files from CodaBox if the pair
  (Accounting Firm VAT, Company VAT) is not registered yet. This may happen if you have changed the

>   company VAT after the connection was established for instance. For security reasons, you will have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  company VAT after the connection was established for instance. For security reasons, you have
```

Configure the Journals
**********************

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: For CODA files

      #. Create a new bank journal
      #. Set the right IBAN in the :guilabel:`Account Number`
      #. Select :guilabel:`CodaBox synchronisation` as the :guilabel:`Bank Feed`

      .. image:: belgium/codabox_configuration_coda_journal.png
         :align: center
         :alt: Configuration of a CODA journal.

   .. tab:: For SODA files

      #. Create a new miscellaneous journal
      #. Go to :menuselection:`Accounting --> Configuration --> Accounting: CodaBox`
      #. Select the journal you just created in the SODA journal field.

      .. image:: belgium/codabox_configuration_soda_setting.png
         :align: center
         :alt: Configuration of a SODA journal.

.. _belgium/codabox-configuration-connection:

Configure the Connection
************************

First, you must select which users can access the **CodaBox** connection settings. To do so, go to
:menuselection:`Settings --> Users & Companies --> Groups`, and search for the group
**Allow to show and modify the CodaBox Connection Settings**. Add the users you want to this group.

> By default, only the **Administrator** is part of this group.

Reviewer 2: :guilabel:`Allow to show and modify the CodaBox Connection Settings`. Add the users you want to this group.
By default, only the :guilabel:`Administrator` is part of this group.

          :guilabel:`Status` should be set to :guilabel:`Connected`.

       .. note::
          By having a different :guilabel:`Access Token` for each client, you can
          easily revoke the access of a client to your Codabox account without
          affecting the other clients. One client cannot interfere with another.

Synchronisation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once the connection is established, you are ready to synchronise Odoo
with Codabox.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: For CODA files

      CODA files are automatically imported from Codabox every 12 hours. You do
      not have to do anything. However, if you wish, you can also click on the
      :guilabel:`Fetch CODA's` button to manually launch the process.

      .. image:: belgium/dashboard_coda.png
         :align: center
         :alt: Manually fetch CODA's.

   .. tab:: For SODA files

      You can click on the :guilabel:`Fetch SODA's` button in the Accounting
      Dashboard to retrieve the latest payroll statements from Codabox (usually
      once a month).

      .. image:: belgium/dashboard_soda.png
         :align: center
         :alt: Manually fetch SODA's.

Revocation

> ~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: I would add this as a :note:

Reviewer 2: The whole revocation paragraph

You can revoke the connection between Odoo and Codabox by using the
:guilabel:`Revoke` button in the Codabox settings which will revoke the

> connection on Odoo's side only.

Reviewer 2: The connection between Odoo and Codabox can be revoked by using the
:guilabel:`Revoke` button in the Codabox settings, which will revoke the
link on Odoo's side only.

If you have multiple connections, you will still be able to use the
Access Token of one of them to easily reconnect Odoo and Codabox for
another client.

However, if you have only one (remaining) connection, you will not be able
to use its Access Token to create new connections. In that case, you will
have to revoke the connection from the Codabox platform too,
and then recreate a new one following the steps in the
:ref:`first connection <belgium/codabox-configuration-connection>` section.

Potential issues

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: This whole section would be better using this format: 
error message 1
  Explanation

error message 2
  Explanation

Double spacing. It should look like this 
![example-doc](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/95279572/caeefbc3-1624-4940-b126-821226ff38c5)
